feat: additional demos (#6)
bomctl/bomctl-playground: README.md

#### __Step 2: Export to a file__

Export the an SBOM to a local directory.

This step assumes the CycloneDX SBOM from [exercise](#step-1-fetch) was previously fetched.

``` bash
bomctl export urn:uuid:f360ad8b-dc41-4256-afed-337a04dff5db -f spdx -o test.spdx.json
```

Note that the document that was initally fetched was a CycloneDX SBOM and the above command is exporting an SPDX SBOM.

#### __Step 3: Export to another tool__

[Grype](https://github.com/anchore/grype) is a tool that can scan SBOMs for vulnerabilities and accepts them as input from stdin.`bomctl`can facilitate this.

```bash
bomctl export urn:uuid:f360ad8b-dc41-4256-afed-337a04dff5db | grype
```

### Deliver SBOMs to a remote OCI registry

#### __Step 1: Understanding Push Flags__

``` bash
bomctl push --help
```

Similar to `export`, there are options to specify the format and encoding of the pushed SBOM(s).
Review flags for encoding and format [here](#step-1-understanding-export-flags)

#### __Step 2: Push__

Setup:

Push the original SBOM to a "remote" oci registry. In this exercise, the env variable used `BOMCTL_PORT_URL` is already set in the environment, so the commands  

> can be copied/pasted as is. Based on [this](https://oras.land/docs/quickstart/) example from Oras.  

Author: Readded zot setup, also appropriate oras setup like setting the env variable.

I also added an initial push to the registry since the command here was failing with a weird error. Investigating with @jhoward-lm to determine if it's a bug or user error on my part. The current implementation will work out of the box

> can be copied/pasted as is. Based on [this](https://oras.land/docs/quickstart/) example from Oras.  

Author: The OCI fix has been merged in bomctl, but until a new version is released that fix won't be available for the playground. 

Recommend merging as is and opening an issue to add additional demos and fix the work around upon next release

bomctl export urn:uuid:f360ad8b-dc41-4256-afed-337a04dff5db | grype
```

### Deliver SBOMs to a remote OCI registry

#### __Step 1: Understanding Push Flags__

``` bash
bomctl push --help
```

Similar to `export`, you have the option to specify the format and encoding of the pushed SBOM(s).
Review flags for encoding and format [here](#step-1-understanding-export-flags)

#### __Step 2: Push__

Setup:

Push the original SBOM to a "remote" oci registry. In this exercise, the env variable used `BOMCTL_PORT_URL` is already set in the environment, so the commands  
can be copied/pasted as is. If you want a more interactive view, you can switch to the ports tab of the open terminal and hit the globe icon next to the  
`Zot Registry` row. This will open the deployed Zot Registry we are using for our OCI registry endpoint. Based on [this](https://oras.land/docs/quickstart/) example from Oras.  

__Note:__ Using this example registry is only necessary to make these exercises standalone, if you have a personal oci registry available, that can be used too.  

>         For authentication to those registries. a `.netrc` file needs to be created and a flag `--netrc` should be added to the push command.

Reviewer: Should also specify that a `.netrc` file should have permissions of `rw-------` or `u=rw,go=` or `0600`

```suggestion
        For authentication to those registries, a `.netrc` file needs to be created and a flag `--netrc` should be added to the `push` command.
```

``` bash
bomctl push -f spdx urn:uuid:f360ad8b-dc41-4256-afed-337a04dff5db oci://${BOMCTL_PORT_URL}/hello-bomctl:latest
```

#### __Step 3: Verify (Optional)__

Fetch the manifest from the local test registry

```bash

> oras manifest fetch ${BOMCTL_PORT_URL}/hello-bomctl:latest | jq .

Reviewer: The `.` filter is superfluous 

```suggestion
oras manifest fetch ${BOMCTL_PORT_URL}/hello-bomctl:latest | jq
```

```

> Identify the appropriate blob sha from the manifest output from previous cmd:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Identify the appropriate blob digest from the manifest output from previous cmd:
```

For SPDX, look for a layer with `"mediaType": "application/spdx+json"`  
For CycloneDX, look for a layer with `"mediaType": "application/vnd.cyclonedx+json;version=<version#>"`. Note the `<version#>` at the end would have the CycloneDX version of the SBOM.

Once you've identified the layer, copy the digest.  
In the example below, the digest for the CycloneDX SBOM layer would be `"sha256:bd309293a0e79962aa08abf2e5e4e636d254accf9a455bdf17c6ca22bc3ae7a0"`

```json
{
  "schemaVersion": 2,
  "mediaType": "application/vnd.oci.image.manifest.v1+json",
  "artifactType": "application/vnd.oci.image.manifest.v1+json",
  "config": {
    "mediaType": "application/vnd.oci.empty.v1+json",
    "digest": "sha256:44136fa355b3678a1146ad16f7e8649e94fb4fc21fe77e8310c060f61caaff8a",
    "size": 2,
    "data": "e30="
  },
  "layers": [
    {
      "mediaType": "application/vnd.cyclonedx+json;version=1.5",
      "digest": "sha256:bd309293a0e79962aa08abf2e5e4e636d254accf9a455bdf17c6ca22bc3ae7a0",
      "size": 2470,
      "data": "super cool data"
    }
  ]
}
```

> Fetch the blob contents using the digest located in the previous step

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fetch the blob contents using the digest located in the previous step:
```

``` bash
bomctl export <UUID> -o merged-sbom.cdx.json
```

### SBOM Alias

> Working with Multiple SBOMs, it can be tricky to keep documents straight, as different formats have different expectations for naming. `bomctl`  
> typically relies on UUIDs for storing documents, however these can be taxing to use as an ID when performing operations. The `alias` command  
> gives the option to pick a more human readable name for a document for ease of use.

Reviewer: Casing fix, semicolon instead of comma, and the UUID statement isn't quite accurate (yet) 

```suggestion
Working with multiple SBOMs, it can be tricky to keep documents straight, as different formats have different expectations for naming. `bomctl`  
typically relies on document IDs for storing documents; however, these can be taxing to use as an ID when performing operations. The `alias` command  
gives the option to pick a more human readable name for a document for ease of use.
```

To get more information about `alias` and its' subcommands, run:

```bash
bomctl alias --help
```

#### __Step 1: Set Alias__

> We're going to use the cdx SBOM fetched in the first [exercise](#step-1-fetch). If you haven't already, go back and fetch it.

Reviewer: Use canonical format name and try to avoid "you" statements

```suggestion
This step assumes the CycloneDX SBOM from [exercise](#step-1-fetch) was previously fetched.
```

```bash
bomctl alias set urn:uuid:f360ad8b-dc41-4256-afed-337a04dff5db 0_3_0
```

#### __Step 2: Remove Alias__

This commmand removes the existing alias for the provided SBOM ID.

```bash
bomctl alias remove urn:uuid:f360ad8b-dc41-4256-afed-337a04dff5db
```

### SBOM Tags

Working with Multiple SBOMs, it can be hard to keep documents organized. There may be groups of SBOMs within your system that are related and should  
be handled together, or at least linked in a way that makes it easy to know what goes with what. The `tag` command allows a user to specifcy a 'tag'  
to associate with an SBOM to make searching for and organizing your SBOMs easier.

To get more information about `tag` and its' subcommands, run:

```bash
bomctl tag --help
```

#### __Step 1: Add Tag__

> We're going to use the cdx SBOM fetched in the first [exercise](#step-1-fetch). If you haven't already, go back and fetch it.  

Reviewer: Use canonical format name and try to avoid "you" statements

```suggestion
This step assumes the CycloneDX SBOM from [exercise](#step-1-fetch) was previously fetched.
```

> Feel free to use any already in your Database instead, just replace the SBOM ID in the command with your chosen SBOM ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feel free to use any previously fetched SBOM in the local database instead by updating the SBOM ID in the command.
```

> Since this SBOM originated from a bomctl container image, lets add those tags. Feel free to add more, space separated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since this SBOM originated from a bomctl container image, lets add those tags. Additional SBOM IDs can be specified separated by spaces.
```

```bash
bomctl tag add urn:uuid:f360ad8b-dc41-4256-afed-337a04dff5db bomctl container SBOM CDX Test
```

#### __Step 2: List Tag__

Lets list them out to illustrate how you could check this for any SBOM in your database to get more info about it.

```bash
bomctl tag list urn:uuid:f360ad8b-dc41-4256-afed-337a04dff5db
```

#### __Step 3: Remove Tag__

> Ok, it's probably redundant to have this SBOM tagged with `bomctl`, since thats all we've been handling, lets remove it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's probably redundant to have this SBOM tagged with `bomctl` since thats all we've been handling, so lets remove it.
```

```bash
bomctl tag remove urn:uuid:f360ad8b-dc41-4256-afed-337a04dff5db bomctl
```

Then we can do a quick list to make sure it reflects the tags we expect.

```bash
bomctl tag list urn:uuid:f360ad8b-dc41-4256-afed-337a04dff5db
```

#### __Step 4: Clear Tags__

> Ok this particular SBOM still has too many superfluous tags, so lets just clear them all.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This particular SBOM still has too many superfluous tags, so lets just clear them all.
```
